Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to make free API keys and use
Google Gmail chat model uh for free as
AI agents that I tested right here
and for your work you can use it. Okay,
let's go. Okay, first thing first, open
the N8N. Go to docker desktop.
Okay, now let's run it on the N8.
Okay, fine. Let's run it.
Right in the workflow.
Okay, first setup. Just adjust trigger
trigger chat. I'm going to use this
node. Close it from here.
After that, let's search for AI agents.
Click this plus button and go here. EI
agent.
Close it.
In the EI agent, we have to search first
for memory for beginners on mods
to use this central memory. Close it.
Now in this tutorial, I use the three
API keys
or Gemini chat model. How to get them?
Okay, let's go here to Google.
Okay, let's search for Gemini API key.
this and let's go to the first link
Google AI studio.
Let's get started from here.
I want we use
my email address.
Okay. connected using my address email.
Cancel. Skip.
That's okay.
Okay. Let's add those and take this
part.
Okay. Fine. Now, let's go here and get
API key.
Okay, get API. Okay, you're going to get
this one and by default or you can
create another API key from this create
and name the API key is
free
gem
API.
and select project
the default project.
Okay.
Um the project is created and the API
key is green. How to get this API key?
Click this and hit copy right here. Now
return here
after copying this API
select set model choose this one Google
simul model
okay set it's set by default by now
let's create this one create no
credential
and paste this one save
connection
successfully. And let's test our model.
This one is works perfectly. But the
others is not. We have
to make a building right here.
We can create this uh cloud bing and get
this 300 free. And let's go here. For
me, it's for a free. want to choose this
model.
It said to you you can send around 100
tempest per day using this free mode
uh 2.5 flash.
Click here.
Okay, let's uh test it by open tab right
here. And for example, here
and let's see it works or not. It's
actually working.
Okay. Hi there. How can I help you
today? It works uh successfully without
any
problem.
Uh this is how to make free AI agents in
your work. Now you can uh make the other
work generate some videos through
YouTube through Tik Tok and other
things.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
lost tutorial.